[Kuna] This is a
map of the Seireitei
since the Wandenreich invasion.
[R&D Member] Only
forty-two percent
of our forces are still alive,
and that includes the wounded.
We're at less than
thirty percent of
our fighting strength.
Damn it! How could they
have possibly overwhelmed us
in such a short period of time?
They were smart enough
to use all the chaos
to take out our
chain of command.
Quick, what's the
status of our captains?
Not good. Captain
Soi Fon is down.
Lieutenant Omaeda is bringing
her to the field hospital.
Squad 10 Captain Hitsugaya's
Spiritual Pressure
has completely disappeared!
Lieutenant Matsumoto's
condition's unknown.
No response from Captain
Zaraki or Squad 11.
Yeah, well, just
forget about Squad 11.
What about the
rest of the squads?
Squad 3 Captain Ohtoribashi
and Squad 9 Captain Muguruma
are both all right and
remain on the battlefield.
[Kisuke] At this
rate, it won't be long
before the surviving squad
members are hunted down.
This is truly pathetic.
Their superior officers go down
and they become like
helpless children.
Aren't any of these
Soul Reapers capable
of thinking and
acting for themselves?
(device ringing)
Oh, hi there, Captain
Kurotsuchi, what's up?
[Kurotsuchi]
Congratulations, Head Captain
While you were busy
sipping tea with the enemy,
our fighting strength has been
reduced by seventy percent.
Unfortunately, I had
no tea to offer him.
The enemy did almost
kill me, though,
if that's any consolation.
[Kurotsuchi] Hmph. Well,
if you're still alive,
then do your job!
I've put you through
to all squad members.
It's only thirty
percent of them.
Even you should be able to
command a force that small.
I appreciate the
vote of confidence
Attention all squad members,
a map of our current position
has been sent to your devices.
The enemy's invasion has changed
the landscape considerably.
The red symbols
indicate the location
of those barracks
still in operation.
Regardless of what
squad you're in,
go to the nearest barracks
and await orders from
a senior officer.
Don't waste your strength trying
to continue fighting
on your own.
Now, it's time to regroup.
("STARS" by w.o.d)
(singing in Japanese)
-("STARS" by w.o.d)
-(singing in Japanese)
Ugh. All that training
I put you through,
and all you've
got to show for it
is getting yourself knocked out.
What a pathetic lieutenant.
Are you uh, with these boys?
Kensei Muguruma,
Squad 9 Captain.
This clown here
is one of my men.
Ooh, a captain, eh?
So exciting.
I bet you'd make
a worthy opponent,
and ordinarily I'd
stay and find out,
but I'm on my way to investigate
a couple of unidentified
flying objects.
[Rojuro] Aw, come
on, don't leave.
You have two captains
you can take on.
Beat a tag team like us
and you'd really make
a name for yourself.
Hoo-hoo.
Alley-oop.
Come on then, let's do it.
Hurry up!
Oh, we'll hurry all right.
In fact, this won't
take long at all.
(Mask De Masculine chuckles)
Bankai
(tense suspenseful music)
Tekken Tachikaze!
Well, if you insist,
I'm going to lay you
out for a ten count!
(Mask De Masculine gasps)
That was it?
You're kidding.
Are you telling me that
idiot lieutenant of mine
was knocked out by that attack?
(Mask De Masculine grunts)
(James whimpering)
Hurts, doesn't it?
My Tachikaze is a Zanpakuto
that can make the sword
trajectory explode,
and my Tekken
Tachikaze is a Bankai
that channels the force of
those explosions into my fists.
That explosive power
will continue to
pound you endlessly
as long as my fist
stays in contact.
Now get lost!
(Mask De Masculine screams)
Well, it looks like
he won't be needing
a lot of help from me.
(spirited music)
No, no way.
The Champ can't lose,
it's impossible.
Come on, Mister, get up.
You gotta get up! (sobs)
Oh, terrific.
Now I've made the
little kid cry.
I'm starting to feel
like the bad guy here.
(Shuhei groans)
No, Captain.
That guy's no little kid.
Hm?
Oh, look who finally
decided to wake up.
Don't let that
little guy fool you.
He's the one you have
to get rid of first!
Huh?
You're not just any
wrestler, Champ.
You're a Superstar!
(tense suspenseful music)
(Kensei grunts)
(Mask De Masculine growls)
(Rojuro groans)
That's right, I am S!
The Superstar,
Mask De Masculine!
(Kensei groans)
(Kensei gasps)
Star Eagle Kick.
(Kensei groans)
And a Star Headbutt.
[Kensei] Don't
go getting cocky!
(Mask De Masculine grunting)
(Mask De Masculine howling)
Go, superstar.
You've got this!
Hm.
Nice try, but it needs work.
(Kensei grunts)
(Kensei groaning)
(Mask De Masculine yelling)
I don't think we'll
even need a ten count.
(James screeched)
Mister, they got me.
[Mask De Masculine] James!
You coward!
How dare you skewer a fellow
whose only crime was
being a devoted fan.
He was very loud and disruptive,
and I prefer to have a
more respectful audience
for my dance.
Now, since Kensei gave his all
to create this
opportunity for me,
I mustn't allow
it to go to waste.
So, let us raise the curtain.
Bankai
(serene music)
Kinshara Butodan.
Hm.
Kinshara Butodan is a
dance troupe of death.
The price of admission
is your life.
The first part of tonight's
program is entitled,
"Sea Drift."
Wha-what the hell is this?
Where did you get
all this water from?
Now sing to the music
of the churning sea.
Sing your song of
pain and dread.
(Mask De Masculine screaming)
Hm, nice.
Now for the second
part, "Prometheus."
Impossible.
No Zanpakuto exists that can
manipulate both fire and water
at the same time.
This has to be some
sort of deception.
[Rojuro] You're right.
My technique is
based on deception
But when you think about it,
isn't all great art
a form of deception?
The boiling magma is
the wrath of the earth.
(Mask De Masculine screaming)
Dance to the rhythm
of your despair.
I can control music
and make it serve me.
You can't resist it, can you?
That deceptive melody
echoing in your ears
is captivating your
heart, isn't it?
And when your heart is
captivated by my spell,
you will burn and
breathe your last.
Now to bring the dance to
an end, and you as well,
the third and final program,
it's "Ein Heldenleben!"
(Rojuro gasps)
Covering your ears
won't do you any good.
Did you just rupture
your eardrums?
(Mask De Masculine chuckles)
(Rojuro gasps)
And the crowd goes wild
as the beloved hero
takes the villain down!
(Mask De Masculine laughing)
So this villain still has
some life in him, does he?
Well then, die!
(Mask De Masculine gasps)
(foreboding music)
Did you just deflect
my Star Flash?
Who do you think you are?
Another villain.
Rukia, take care of Captains
Muguruma and Ohtoribashi.
Let's not both waste our time.
I can take care of
this one by myself.
Hmm.
(Mask De Masculine squeals)
Hm.
You're right.
He's no match for
what you are now.
He's all yours.
Hm?
You absolutely sure you don't
want to double-team me?
After all, villains are
expected to be rotten cowards,
so feel free to use any lowdown
dirty tricks you have to.
Well, thank you.
So then, you won't complain
when a coward beats you?
I bet you said something
clever just then.
But as you can see, my
eardrums are ruptured,
so I can't hear a damn thing.
James, front and center!
Hi.
Huh?
C'mon, Champ, you can do it!
You're a Superstar!
(tense upbeat music)
[Renji] Huh.
All right.
Thank you, James.
I can hear again.
My eardrums are back
and better than ever.
Ha! What do you think
of that, villain?
Go ahead, say
something clever now.
(James screeches)
James, oh no!
(Renji chuckles)
(Mask De Masculine growling)
That was a dirty trick,
you filthy coward!
What? Are you gonna cry?
'Course it was a dirty trick,
but what did you
expect from a villain?
(gentle music)
Their Spiritual Pressures
are growing weaker.
I have to hurry.
But there's nowhere
to treat them
without the enemy spotting us.
Oh, that Spiritual Pressure.
[Caregiver] Now we
give pressure on it.
[Caregiver] We need to change
the dressing on his arm.
Uh, Rukia.
Captain Muguruma and Captain
Ohtoribashi are badly hurt.
See to them at once.
(Mask De Masculine groaning)
A real hero of justice
shouldn't hide his face
behind a mask like
a common thief.
[James] You can do it, you
can do it, Superstar!
Huh?
[Mini Jameses] You
can do it, Superstar!
You can do it, Superstar!
How dare you rip my sacred mask!
That's like putting
a rip in my soul!
(tense suspenseful music)
Star Power-up, ready!
All right, villain.
This fight is over.
You're free to die now.
How come your mask
turns a different color
when you power up?
Special kill Star Lariat!
Don't expect me to give you
time to rest against a wall
or get your feet
back on the ground.
Star Rocket Punch!
Star, star, star, star!
Star Murder Punch!
(Mask De Masculine screams)
Star, star, star,
star, star, star,
star, star, star!
Star, star, star,
star, star, star, star!
Star!
You'll stay up in the
air like this forever,
so get used to it.
And now die by the hands of
a Superstar's divine power!
And even after you've
been turned to dust,
you will still never
touch the ground again.
[Mini Jameses] You
tell him, Superstar!
You're the champ, Superstar!
Hm, Hell yeah!
(tense ominous music)
And now bear witness.
Star Flash Supernova!
[Mini Jameses] Wait, is
it heading toward us?
But why, Superstar?
(tense ominous music)
Not to worry, James!
A star is nothing without
his most devoted fan
and vice versa.
You can be sure that
as long as I'm alive,
you'll eventually
come back to life.
More important right now,
I want to watch
this villain die!
Hm?
A giant snake head?
Is that some kind of Bankai?
He must have activated
it out of desperation
with his dying breath.
Pitiful.
What's it doing?
What the devil is going on?
Since when can a Bankai
completely change
its form like that?
[Ichibe] Hihio Zabimaru?
Renji, that name is a lie.
(Renji gasps)
A lie?
Well, more accurately
a half-truth,
because you see, that's
only half of its name.
[Renji] Wha-what's
that supposed to mean?
It means your Bankai only
partially acknowledges you
and has revealed
only half its name.
You've got to be
kidding, but we've,
I mean, we fought
together for so long.
Wait, just why is it
that you know so much
about my Bankai, anyway?
You're asking that of the man
who came up with
the name Zanpakuto?
What?
[Ichibe] Shikai and
Bankai, as well.
I was the first to name
all of the phenomena unique
to the Soul Society.
Who or what are you?
Does it help if I tell
you the Soul King gave me
the name Manako Osho?
[Renji] Huh?
Essentially, it means he
who speaks the true name.
I am now going to reveal to you
the true name of
Zabimaru's Bankai.
But before you can
summon it by that name
you will have to prove
your strength to Zabimaru
right here, right now.
[Renji] Bankai
So-Oh Zabimaru.
(upbeat music)
You've got one dangerous Bankai.
Yeah, just learning to speak
its name nearly killed me.
My soul is burning with the
flame of righteous justice.
I'm burning with a flaming
desire to defeat you!
Hihioh!
(Mask De Masculine groaning)
You'll have to do
better than that.
(Mask De Masculine groaning)
You piece of shit, who
do you think you are?
You just crushed the bones in
my left arm, you damn amateur!
You think you can do
this to a superstar
and get away with it?
To hell with all
this justice crap!
You are so dead!
[Renji] Orochioh
(Mask De Masculine snarls)
So-Oh Zabimaru
Zaga Teppo!
Went out in a blaze of glory.
Just how you wanted
it, Superstar.
(Amp buzzing)
("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
(singing in Japanese)
[Yhwach] So James is dead.
You did well, James.
Now return.
Come back to me.
(Uryu gasps)
(ominous music)
What happened?
[Jugram] His Majesty
Yhwach is asleep.
(gentle music)
Only while he
sleeps can he return
to being the father
of Quincies again,
and build up his strength.
Therefore, it's important
his rest not be disturbed.
But why are you
here, Haschwalth?
His Majesty and I are
closely connected,
or rather I should
I say His Majesty
is connected to all Quincies,
but I'm sure you
already know that.
Yes.
Of course.
But do you know why His
Majesty possesses such powers?
Or what sort of
being His Majesty is?
I'm guessing that not even
your grandfather, Soken Ishida,
was able to figure that out.
I suppose I should tell you
seeing as how you are
His Majesty's successor.
[As Nodt] "There is no
difference between living
and being allowed to live.
Just as there is no
difference between dying
and being killed."
-(singing in Japanese)
-("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)